Consolidate DDSQL references (#28821)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/ddsql_reference/_index.md

---
title: DDSQL Reference
type: multi-code-lang
further_reading:
- link: "/ddsql_editor"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn more about the DDSQL Editor"
---

## Supported DDSQL Syntax

> DDSQL is a query language for Datadog data. It implements several standard SQL operations, such as `SELECT`, and allows queries against unstructured data, such as [tags][1]. You can perform actions like getting exactly the data you want by writing your own `SELECT` statement, or querying tags as if they are standard table columns.

Reviewer: Nice description

---
title: DDSQL Reference
type: multi-code-lang
external_redirect: /ddsql_reference/ddsql_default
further_reading:
- link: "/ddsql_editor"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn more about the DDSQL Editor"
---

## Supported DDSQL Syntax

> DDSQL is a query language for Datadog data. It implements several standard SQL operations, such as `SELECT`, and allows queries against unstructured data, such as [tags][1]. Get exactly the data you want by writing your own `SELECT` statement. Query tags as if they are standard table columns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DDSQL is a query language for Datadog data. It implements several standard SQL operations, such as `SELECT`, and allows queries against unstructured data, such as [tags][1]. You can perform actions like getting exactly the data you want by writing your own `SELECT` statement, or querying tags as if they are standard table columns.
```
Really minor suggestions here to make this flow a little better - totally optional 🙂
